That we already had a close look at the classes.
But here's an important extension which I don't want to hide.
If we have a class let's say person and in this class we have our constructor where we want to assign
our name and let's say we pass the name to the constructor here to then we can also define getters and
setters for properties in this class.
So for example I could set up get name like a function here and then in the function body I would return
this name.
However now I will prefix it with an underscore because this underscored name this name is private property
now which isn't accessible from outside but the only way to get it is to access name the getter here
which will actually turn this private property.
That's a concept called encapsulation which makes sure that we control the access which flows into our
class and out of it.
So with that I can fetch this name and of course the cool thing is I could now also chain a method like
to uppercase and that would always return me an uppercase name which is exactly what I get or is therefore
to control the data.
We actually return we could return it without changing it but we also can't change it or check something
at a condition whatever we want to do.
These Satar is all the average size of the coins or to say here we set a new value to name.
It's also written like a function year.
And what I'm doing here is basically I assigned this name equal to value or word to whatever I like
or I add a condition for example that value dot length should be at least two characters long that say
only if that's the case will I sign this.
And you well you are wise I.
Well I won't do this.
I might print reject that then.
For example though with all that set up I can actually create a new person and I'll pass Max to it and
then I will lock this person to the console.
Oh I don't think we'll see if I now had to run.
We see your object with that name Max what do you think will happen if I only pass to characterise or
difficult now see.
Well we're in the constructor constructors don't forget that.
So that still works as I am directly assigning the name in the constructor here.
But once this is done if I now try to change his name and so the called who am a watch what now happens
if I hit run I get rejected.
So that doesn't work.
And if I print person off for doing that while you see it's still maksud wasn't changed.
If I change it to Anna though
you'll see it works.
Now it was check on.
All we can do is of course access the name as we have a getter as well.
And with that if I now print is what you think we'll see.
Now we see the uppercase names as I have this to uppercase function here.
So that's where getters and setters really shine or what they are.
Therefore they are asked to control how data is handled or how it is passed into this class or into
this object and how it flows out of it.
Of course you don't have to set both.
You could also only for example provide a setter to think well now if I had run I get undefined because
we don't have that get or to access to name though of course if I remove the name and print the overall
object we still see the object and we see that resetting name actually worked.
And of course as it has no true protection we can still directly access underscore name.
So that would work too if I tried this.
But for now Hadj run you see a print Max.
And so it's not really private.
This set her get her thing is more something which should help us since we're the person writing our
code.
We can control how well how we actually access this and therefore this is a great way to provide certain
checks for functionalities.
It doesn't give you a true 100 percent protection though as well.
This is not private as will always be accessible from outside